Greetings Sir,

Regarding about the conversation we had about your family/friend's Muktinath trip yesterday, please review the itinerary and letter of quotation given below.

Please note: It's often smart to ask the staff in the Hotel you'll be staying in for the time when breakfast will be served.

Day  1st 

Early Morning: Drive to pokhara by jeep, which takes around 5-6 hours, if there is no traffic. A stop at any luncheon can be made at your discretion. Drive continues to Pokhara, where you'll be checking into the Hotel City Inn. You'll have ample time to refresh yourselves before moving on to Pokhara sight seeing(Davi's Falls, Gupteswar Cave, Bindyabasini Temple). 

Meal: None

Day 2nd:

After breakfast, you'll be driven to Jomsom, Muktinath. It approximately takes around 8-9 hrs. You'll be able to check in at Trekker's Inn, and retire to bed.

The time table may not be accurate due to unforseeable road constructions. You'll be able to stop at any luncheon for your breakfast/lunch.

Meal: Breakfast

Day 3rd:

Early morning, drive to Muktinath to take blessings from the Hindu god Muktinath, and marvel at the temple's beauty. You'll be able to return back to the hotel for breakfast, and then check-out from hotel to drive back to Pokhara. You'll be returning back the same day, to check into Hotel City Inn. Overnight will be spent in Pokhara.

Meal: Breakfast

Day 4rth:

Early morning, drive to Sarangkot to view the marvelous sunrise, and sightseeing around the surrounding hills. You'll then be be brought back to the Fewa Lakeside, where you can embark on an optional journey to Barahi Temple at the middle of the lake. You'll then be brought back to hotel where you'll be served breakfast. You may then check out from the hotel, and then you'll embark on half day Pokhara sight seeing(Mahendra Cave, Bat cave, Peace pagoda). You'll be driven back to Kathmandu the same day.

Meal: Breakfast

Please note, that due to construction endeavors,  the Prithvi Highway at Mugling is expected to stop operations from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.

Inclusion: 

O Accomodation in B&B basis.
O Transportation throughout your trip.

Exclusion:

O Whatever not explicitely mentioned in the itinerary.
O Travel Insurance.
O Any type of refreshments.
O Entrance Fee (usually very nominal).
O Tips and gratuative fees for the service providers.


Total cost for per pax: NRP 14,200.00

